CIE-5524 - Temporarily direct Edge 2026 doc back to 2025 until release (#4483)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/sector/edge/_index.md

sector:
  - edge
weight: 60
---

> {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge is the onsite solution of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} intended to run as a local software application on industrial PCs or local servers.<p>Clicking here opens the documentation of the 2025 release.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Edge is the onsite solution of {{< product-c8y-iot >}} intended to run as a local software application on industrial PCs or local servers.<p>Clicking here opens the documentation of the {{< c8y-edge-version-major >}} release.</p>
```

Author: That shortcode doesn't exist in this branch. There's another shortcode `c8y-edge-current-version`, but that's set to `2026`. Should I change that? Or just leave it like this with the number hardcoded in the text?

Reviewer: ohh, thats true. I was looking at the develop branch. Just hardcoding should be fine. Thanks!
